Hello, everybody. So as some of, you know my name is Ashley. If you're new to the channel, thanks for stopping by. I get a lot of questions about like, just 

indeed today, life about. How I do day-to-day things which I don't think that very exciting. It's pretty normal. So I just thought that I would kind of take you guys along with me for this for today it's evening now it's about four clock or so, so I have had it's raining out today and kind of gross.

So I've just really been listening to audio books and I did some vacuuming and minimal minimal things. So. Anyway, I decided to kind of do a blog style video for you and kind of show you how I make supper, which seems so weird to me because my husband even gets a lot of questions about whether he comes home at night and cook supper for us.

And I thought, you know, I can tell people that I cook supper. All I want. But do people really believe me? So I thought, you know what, let's take you along for the boring journey of me cooking supper and, you know, show you that I actually do do it. You know, being blind doesn't necessarily mean that I can't cook or clean or do anything.

And I thought, I, you know, give you a little glimpse into my life with. And husband and, you know, being a stay-at-home mom. So here it is. And I will give out one dirty little secret. I was doing laundry today and I thought, you know, I always say, but there's nothing that I can't do. And, and I thought there's one thing that I really struggle with when it comes to laundry and I'll show you what it is now.

It is socks. So my husband gets the joy of, I couldn't get to the joy of coming home and pairing socks. I have a heck of a time with it. I know that there's methods, you know, that I could use such as painting your socks together or using all these little round rubber like clips to pin your socks to.

But I have a hard enough time getting my kids to put their laundry in a laundry hamper. So I don't think that they're going to pair their socks before they put them into the laundry half. He does that for me, I have done it, but sometimes he gets one black sock and one white sock because I can't feel the difference in colors.

So that is one thing that I had to get my husband and my kids to help with. So that's one of my dirty little secrets that I don't usually share. But so there is some things that obviously I need help with. But so anyway, yeah, I'll take you along for my little evening here. Okay. So I'm in the kitchen now and, and just getting stuff set up, but I thought I'd show you a couple other things that I have in my kitchen that I use to.

Helped me to kind of cook and I guess be successful there, not a lot of adoption. In my kitchen, a lot of it is just, you know, regular old digital appliances. So I'll just show you

Microwave

 CA so on my microwave. You can see that I have these orange, I think they're orange bumping they're on the most used buttons.

So this one is the five. This is the quick minute and this is the defrost button. And then every other number has just a little piece of Velcro underneath it. And then I, you know, have just memorized the timer is to this side and. I believe it's clocked to this. I don't use it. And then obviously, you know, stop and start.

A lot of it's done by memory, but I do have like some buttons kind of marked out just for ease and, and that kinda thing. Cause it's flat. I can't necessarily feel where every number is. So rather than just guests, I just put a little bit of outgrow on there and then take you over to my stove.

The light here. I don't have any lights on in my house cause they don't help. So so on my stove there's even less. So it just gave you a bigger view of it. On the top here is Puff paint line. So that just tells me that that is the front burner. And then on here, this is bake and then this is cancel.

And then this, it means like to turn the temperature up. And I just know if I go straight down from this line and push I'll go down. And obviously the oven goes up by five. So I have that memorized. And then on here as well. Just puff, paint to show the front burner. The only thing that I struggle with with my stove is obviously this is glass top.

So it can sometimes be tricky to get the pot lined up. So, but I mean, I just use my hand and kind of, you know, check the sides for heat, but for the most part, it's, you know, normal as everything else and in my pantry,

First of all, I can't believe that I'm showing people my disorganized mess of the pantry, but I just have things kind of organized. So like here I have my, the kids' snacks and have things in different bins. And then all of my canned goods have a pen friend. Label on top. So what that is, is it just like a rerecord label label?

That I use, so I'll just show it to you here. So this is the pen friends. So if you turn it on. On I can, I know that that's vegetable soup. So this really, I don't know which side of the labels on it will just tell me what these are. So when I buy them, I get my husband to tell me what they are before I put the away or the kids, or even the store clerk.

Oh, that's kind of one way. Those are just the few adaptions that I have in my. I do have a talking thermometer. I don't use it very often. I usually just use time. So those are the things that I have in my kitchen that are, I guess, adapted. To me, otherwise everything just goes back in the exact same spot and if it doesn't I go searching for the kids and my husband had asked where the heck they put it.

So that's really the only adaptions, but so yeah, so I'm just going to start making supper now and So I am going to make meatloaf for supper tonight, meatloaf and potatoes. So I will just kind of make my supper and you can kind of follow along, I guess. So but see that. Yes, I do cook supper.

And it does not matter that I can't see I'm very capable of cooking supper. So let's get started. Okay. So now that I've turned on the lights and you can probably see a little bit better, I'm horrible for leaving the lights off in my house. Cause I always forget that not everybody else's line. Okay. So I'm just going to grab the things that I need and bring them back.

I already have the ground beef in here. Thought of, so.

Got some onion, onion, soup mix. And I just got those out of the pantries. Again. I know where everything is.

in here.

No. So cut up this onion here. Cut it up small. So kids don't notice it at night,

so hopefully they're not listening to me filming what? Oh, did you hear me? Yeah, my son heard me so extra small. Okay.

Here.

Absolutely

peace over here. So I think a lot of people think that, you know, just because we can't see that we don't, you know, like use knives or anything like that. And I don't think that that's necessarily true because we have to eat. And so having the skills to cook and do all those things are just, you know, life skills that people need to have.

And it can be done. I mean, obviously if you use common sense, keep your fingers out of the leg. And I mean, I've cut myself, but I think, you know, I decided to friends who have had cut themselves. My husband has cut himself. So he's onions in the school here. Whoops. Just drops on the floor. We will clean up dog here on my feet.

Our pet dog is, she always sits right beside me. She knows I dropped things.

This stuff.

I don't mind cooking. I like it. I, you know, I lots of times for Christmas and Easter and Thanksgiving and all of those. I cook the meals and for, you know, the whole families, both sides of the family. And I enjoy it. I think, you know, I like having people over and cooking for them and, you know, hopefully taste good, but I enjoy it.

So I don't mind, I don't mind doing it. And I'm glad that I'm able to do it, you know? I wouldn't would not like it. If I had to rely on my husband to do all the cooking, I don't think that that's fair to him. And I don't, I wouldn't like that. I'm not that type of person. I like to be independent and I want to do things that everybody else does.

And I don't think there's any reason why I shouldn't be able to.

So I use how smell it makes sure that it smells the way that it's supposed to. That's kind of how I go about it. So, okay, Washington. Oh, I forgot to take my rings off.

Maybe open little ones, cause it cooks faster

a little bit too.

One more,

I'm just going to grab some potatoes. So after I have cleaned up my mess from dropping a bag of potatoes from the garden with dirt everywhere. I'm just going to peel up my potatoes kind of not put in the pot. Yes. Again, I can feel potatoes. I like to just put a towel here and then my pumpkin pot over here.

And then I can just kind of pick this up with all of the potato peels, really not a blind thing. It's just a clean, free thing. So. Just peel potatoes, just like everybody else. I just feel for the skin and where it is and keep my handle the way. And if I take more potatoes, I showed with the PO then whatever happens, not the big deal.

So just peel these all up here.

I prefer to use a knife. I just find it faster than a potato peeler and yeah. So I just find it easier. So I just make sure I get most of the peel off there's some on there still. That's fine. It is what it is. Okay.

I have three growing kids. So we go through a lot of potatoes. So I'm just gonna cut these off here.

okay. So I'm just going to appeal to these potatoes and then I'll be right back. Okay. So now that I've gone on the potatoes peel, then I'm just going to cut them all up, then put them in the box here. So.

Okay, this is definitely not

cutting for mashed potatoes.

Okay.

Very exciting stuff. Watching me cut potatoes. So I'll finish cutting these potatoes and then I'll be ready. Okay. So now that I've got my potatoes all cut up here, just going to fill it up before in Pearl stove, got the water in there.

So, what I do since this is a glass top stove, and it's hard to tell where the burners are, I will turn the burner on and then I'll place the pot on that. I'm just gonna fuck this meatloaf. Just gonna put this meatloaf in. So turn this on.

Put this in here.

Okay. So do this pot,

turn it on. And then when it gets hot, I can kind of feel where the burner is. And then I'll check around the pot. Make sure that it's on me. And that's it. So that's how I cook suffer. In respect of not having this be a 30 minute video I'm going to end it here, but it kind of gives you a little bit of a glimpse into how like books suffer and how I go about it.

And that yes, I do cook supper. So if you have any other questions, please leave them in the comments below and I will try my hardest to answer them. So thanks for watching.