Hi, welcome back to my channel. My name is Ashley for those of you who are new I am a blind woman who lives in Canada and for those of you who are just clicking on this video and I'm going to be doing a day in my life today I've got just kind of a regular workday going for today got an event after work but for the most part just a regular workday, smarty dressed and ready for work. I have fed my guide dog dancin he is doing what he does best in the mornings. And that's going back to bed. So he's sleeping again. And yeah, so I'm just getting myself ready for the day it is currently six am I think around six o'clock I got up about five so I'm just actually here in a few minutes to catch the bus to get to work and it's cold and gross. Outside is windy. So I'm not looking forward to that. But winter for you. So yeah, I will show you dance and hear what he likes to do in the mornings because that's you know, a big part of my day is getting him up he's not a morning dog which works out good for me because I'm not a morning person typically I have to be always up early for work and stuff but anyway I'm very jealous of him in the morning. So this is dancin he is relaxing sleep in a way till it's time to go. So at the time is it my watch 611 So we have to get ready in about four minutes we'll start getting ready so we've got his coat and stuff that I get that

really I guess so my purse and my computer's coat here man got his boots since cold outside water bottle that in my bag is such down combat go for a walk let's go work okay tell me tell me codon? boots really windy it recently moved to right around the corner which is nice field is not long at all but takes us about an hour to get to work. So I will see you guys when I guess

we have made it to work it is now. Okay, so it's 7:23am I so I start work at 730 I've been here for about 10 minutes or so I got some coffee, which is very important. And yeah, so now I'm just gonna get to work and check in later I'll show you where to add since it's for those of you who haven't seen my office tour I guess or works at it. I'll show you where dancin sits. And then we'll check in with you later on today. So I don't know if you can see dancing but he is sitting down underneath my desk with his bone. That's where he sleeps. For the day while I work. I'm still at work it is about 430 Right now, I'm just packed up all my stuff I have to head over to that event that I'm going to tonight shortly be there by five so just fed dancing. And then I'm going to head out in a few minutes here and walk over there to that event. I won't film at that event tonight. But I will check in with you guys when I'm done with that event and finally at home Hello everyone. So it is now 8:30pm I just got I just got done at the event that I went to this great event and part of our really great are sitting here in Saskatchewan and Regina called raise her community it's women supporting women in leadership and in you know entrepreneurship and you know, wherever you're at in life, and I really love being a part of the program. A part of that community I've met some really amazing people and it's just really great to be a part of so anyway, I'm just waiting for my husband to come and pick me up because there's no bus service to my area after like 6:30pm for me so so yeah, I just walked back to the office to pick up my stuff so I always have way too much stuff it's a real big problem. So I Yeah, so I got all my stuff and I'm just waiting for him to get here he should be here in about 10 minutes or so. And then we'll get home dancin will be very excited to get home. I'll show you him so dancin is patiently waiting, watching out the window. for my husband to get her to come and get us so yeah, this is what we I don't need him to text me or anything when he gets here pretty much because dancin will get really excited when he pulls up, so, so yeah, we're just gonna hang out here until my husband comes to pick us up and then we're gonna finally be on our way home. We left the house this morning, as you seen it like 615 620. And so yeah, it's 830 now, so I'm pooped, ready to go home and have some supper. And, yeah, get some stuff done. I do have three kids at home. So I am a mother of three kids, they're 1213 and 16. So it's not going to be a relaxing evening when I get home. Because there's always stuff to do when you're a mom. There's always things that have to be dealt with. So I will check in with you guys, when I finally get home. Hi, guys. So obviously, I'm home. I had in my head, I meant to film a couple of clips. When I got home. I was really hungry. So I ate some supper. And then I had some stuff to deal with, to deal with the kids. And then I have some stuff to do with a kid for the kids for tomorrow. So I did that and and then he just visiting and chatting with my husband and and catching up on the day. And you know, all of that kind of stuff. So I didn't get a chance to check in. But thanks think seeing a really boring blog, because I literally like got up this morning, got ready, took the bus went to work. And then I came home. I scoped down some food. And it's now

What time is it now? So if I might find my watch I'm just checking my watch. Yeah, so now it's 955. So basically 10 o'clock. And 10pm I am pooped. I've been home for about 55 minutes. So I've eaten, wash my face. All that stuff. And yeah, and now dealt with kids got them in bed. And now I'm going to bed. So I might continue this vlog into tomorrow and working from home tomorrow. So I'll be able to film a little bit more. And I'm going to do a presentation at a school. And so yeah, I have some more things going on tomorrow. So I will carry this log into tomorrow. So I will see you guys in the morning. Hi, everybody. So it's the next day, I had full intentions of waking up and continuing this like Day in the Life vlog. This morning. I like showing you my second day. But I was working from home this morning and I got out of bed, had some coffee and had to start work. So I didn't. didn't film and then I had a presentation to go to. And now it's afternoon. It's about one o'clock now. So my kids went back to school a few minutes ago. And they came home for lunch. So I'm just doing dishes. Speaking of which, turn the water off. Sorry. So yeah, I'm just doing dishes and then I Yeah, and then I'm just gonna hang out. I am actually took this afternoon off. So, yeah, so I don't have a lot to do we have a coffee, coffee date, coffee phone date with a friend of mine, that I feel like I haven't talked to forever. It is minus, like 30 He was like minus 35 this morning. It's been really cold all week. So I haven't really been spending a lot of time outside. And so I feel like yesterday didn't wasn't very exciting. Like I didn't do a lot so I thought well, I'm doing the dishes. We could chat. Okay, I had to go change. I had to go take off. I had this my work shirt overtop of this. I want to get rid of that. But yeah, it's cool though. So I was wearing this like Under Armour like base layer underneath my work shirt. Rosen So, take off my lunch. Yeah, I think a lot of the times I never know what to show you guys because I live like a really normal I have a really normal, boring life. I mean, I'm busy but I'm busy like every other you know mom and working mom and person you know out there so my day is really consist of dragging my butt out of bed in the morning it 445 Five o'clock in the morning

getting ready and walk to the bus, get on the bus get ready to

go to work, do my seven, eight hours of work. And then and then come home and cook supper and deal with kids and what things they have going on. And I'm taking a class right now. Well, I'm done my class, I'm taking bath, right my Sorry, I'm just touching my lunch kit. This is my very sophisticated lunch kit, which is a sharper stroke marks so yeah, like, I don't know, I just think it's so funny because like, I don't know what to film because I don't really do a whole lot. It's not a lot. That's exciting. And last night, I did go to that raise her event and it was a great event it was raised her CO is an organization started by two women and their moms. And they it's all about like supporting women and empowering women, no matter where you're at. If you're, you know, an executive or you're a stay at home mom or you're an entrepreneur, you know, whatever, wherever you're at. Yeah, and they have a Libra or girl leader circle every month, this month was on finances, and you know, knowing more about your finances and being a part of your finances. So. So yeah, it was really, really exciting. I've met some really great people at those events and love going. So I'm looking forward to the next one in February. So if you guys are in the Regina area, and you want to check it out, I will link it down below. But I'm also doing a blog post about it as well. I interviewed them and to leave them Skylar and I'm going to do a blog post what they're doing because I just think it's amazing. So So yeah, that's going to be coming up hopefully next week. I'm just trying to study for my study for my exam. So I write that Monday morning. So I'll be really happy to have that over with you. Yeah, so I don't have a lot to say. Other than then I guess. Yeah, so um, I'm just gonna finish cleaning up some dinner, like I said, and then I'm going to go chats. On the phone, I'm gonna make some coffee. And I'm gonna chat on the phone with my friend because that sounds like an amazing. We're both blind moms. I have three children, she has one and we live at opposite ends of the city. We're both working, she has her own business and I work full time and we travel and like there's so much going on for both of us. So sometimes, the best way for us to get together and to catch up and support each other is to just have these like coffee phone dates. And they're really third rate so like sometimes when I'm working from home, over my lunch hour I spend it you know, drinking coffee and chatting with her on the phone. So I really look forward to them and I love being able to catch up. So So yeah, I'm going to go and do that. And then I I'm going to end the video here. As I go in do that my husband and I have some errands to run when he gets home. So I'm going to sign off the video here and thank you so much for watching. Don't forget to like and subscribe if you haven't. If you're new here, we'd love to have you join our family of people on my channel so hope to see you all again and I will catch you in my next video.


